Merck & Co., Inc. logo 

Merck & Co., Inc.
Pharmaceuticals
2025 University Recruiting - IT Emerging Talent Summer Intern Program
Posted 4 days ago∙Apply by December 2, 2024 at 6 AM
At a glance
Paid
Hybrid, based in Rahway, NJ
Work in person for part of the week, from the location
Internship
Full-time∙From June 2 to August 11
US work authorization required
The Future Talent Program features internships that last up to 12 weeks and will include one or more projects. These opportunities in our Information Technology division can provide you with great personal and professional development.
 
About Our Company’s Information Technology Division (IT)
 
Our IT teams operate as business partners proposing ideas and innovative solutions that enable new digital and technological organizational capabilities. We collaborate internationally to deliver services and solutions across our organization. 
We’re looking for emerging talent who have a passion for applying technology to enable healthcare, are able to work on a team as well as independently, and enjoy learning new technologies.
As part of the Information Technology team, your assignment could include a role focused on:
Cloud
Enterprise Architecture
Cyber Security
Software Development
Data / Analytics
Artificial Intelligence & Machine Learning
User Experience
Automation & more
 
This role is a hybrid position. 
Potential internship locations: Rahway, NJ. West Point, PA. Austin, TX.


Required Experience and Skills:
Candidates must be currently enrolled in a bachelor's or master's degree program, with a graduation date after August 2025. Preferred majors include Technology, Computer Science, Information Systems, Information Technology, Engineering, Math, Science, Business, and other related fields.
Candidates must be a US citizen, lawful permanent resident of the US or otherwise authorized to work in the US without requiring sponsorship now or in the future
Preferred Experience and Skills:
Strong interpersonal & communication skills
Ability to learn a complex business environment and new concepts quickly
Comfortability with applying for an ambiguous role & being placed in an area that may or may not be within a candidate's comfort zone
Self-starter and will work with limited supervision
Entrepreneurial and innovative mindset, helping the organization think differently for the changing IT landscape.
Under New York City, Colorado State, Washington State, and California State law, the Company is required to provide a reasonable estimate of the salary range for this job. Final determinations with respect to salary will take into account a number of factors, which may include, but not be limited to the primary work location and the chosen candidate’s relevant skills, experience, and education.
 
Expected salary range:
$39,600.00-$105,500.00 
 FTP2025
GSF2025
Employees working in roles that the Company determines require routine collaboration with external stakeholders, such as customer-facing commercial, or research-based roles, will be expected to comply not only with Company policy but also with policies established by such external stakeholders (for example, a requirement to be vaccinated against COVID-19 in order to access a facility or meet with stakeholders).  Please understand that, as permitted by applicable law, if you have not been vaccinated against COVID-19 and an essential function of your job is to call on external stakeholders who require vaccination to enter their premises or engage in face-to-face meetings, then your employment may pose an undue burden to business operations, in which case you may not be offered employment, or your employment could be terminated. Please also note that, where permitted by applicable law, the Company reserves the right to require COVID-19 vaccinations for positions, such as in Global Employee Health, where the Company determines in its discretion that the nature of the role presents an increased risk of disease transmission.
 
Current Employees apply HERE
Current Contingent Workers apply HERE
 US and Puerto Rico Residents Only:
 Our company is committed to inclusion, ensuring that candidates can engage in a hiring process that exhibits their true capabilities. Please click here if you need an accommodation during the application or hiring process.
We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to fostering an inclusive and diverse workplace.  All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, age, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or disability status, or other applicable legally protected characteristics.  For more information about personal rights under the U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment laws, visit:
EEOC Know Your Rights
EEOC GINA Supplement​
Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination
We are proud to be a company that embraces the value of bringing diverse, talented, and committed people together. The fastest way to breakthrough innovation is when diverse ideas come together in an inclusive environment. We encourage our colleagues to respectfully challenge one another’s thinking and approach problems collectively.
Learn more about your rights, including under California, Colorado and other US State Acts
 U.S. Hybrid Work Model
Effective September 5, 2023, employees in office-based positions in the U.S. will be working a Hybrid work consisting of three total days on-site per week, generally Tuesday, Wednesday and either Monday or Thursday, although the specific days may vary by site or organization, with Friday designated as a remote-working day, unless business critical tasks require an on-site presence.  This Hybrid work model does not apply to, and daily in-person attendance is required for, field-based positions; facility-based, manufacturing-based, or research-based positions where the work to be performed is located at a Company site; positions covered by a collective-bargaining agreement (unless the agreement provides for hybrid work); or any other position for which the Company has determined the job requirements cannot be reasonably met working remotely. Please note, this Hybrid work model guidance also does not apply to roles that have been designated as “remote”.
 
Search Firm Representatives Please Read Carefully 
Merck & Co., Inc., Rahway, NJ, USA, also known as Merck Sharp & Dohme LLC, Rahway, NJ, USA, does not accept unsolicited assistance from search firms for employment opportunities. All CVs / resumes submitted by search firms to any employee at our company without a valid written search agreement in place for this position will be deemed the sole property of our company.  No fee will be paid in the event a candidate is hired by our company as a result of an agency referral where no pre-existing agreement is in place. Where agency agreements are in place, introductions are position specific. Please, no phone calls or emails. 
 
Employee Status:
Intern/Co-op (Fixed Term)
 
Relocation:
No relocation
 
VISA Sponsorship:
No
 
Travel Requirements:
No Travel Required
 
Flexible Work Arrangements:
Hybrid
 
Shift:
1st - Day
 
Valid Driving License:
No
 
Hazardous Material(s):
n/a
 
Job Posting End Date:
10/28/2024
*A job posting is effective until 11:59:59PM on the day BEFORE the listed job posting end date. Please ensure you apply to a job posting no later than the day BEFORE the job posting end date.


 
Job Posting End Date:10/28/2024



A job posting is effective until 11:59:59PM on the day BEFORE the listed job posting end date. Please ensure you apply to a job posting no later than the day BEFORE the job posting end date.



Requisition ID:R307208